Switching to a real database is not much more difficult
than what you already had configured.
Since this is an updated course, though, we are going to do something different.
Instead of just installing a database natively,
we are going to use Docker to install a container and access
the database through the Docker instance.
This really is how development is moving, and it is as simple as using Maven.
If you've never used Docker, don't worry,
it's quite easy,
and we will walk through the configuration of doing so with this
course. Just like with the in‑memory configuration,
we need to configure the JDBC authentication, but before we make those changes,
let's talk about Docker.
You do not need to use Docker to do this course,
but it is the industry standard preferred way.
If you haven't used Docker yet,
you should, but if you just want to install my sequel natively,
you can, or you can just watch this demo and not do it at all. You
will still be able to do other stuff in the course,
not having used Docker, so if you don't want to do this
section and just want to watch it, that's fine.
We are going to go walk through the Docker configuration now, though, and you can see how that all works.